Add docs for plugins (#25017)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/develop/spi-overview.md

# SPI overview

Trino uses a plugin architecture to extend its capabilities and integrate with
various data sources and other systems. Plugins must implement the interfaces
and override methods defined by the Service Provider Interface (SPI).

General user information about plugins is available in the [Plugin
documentation](/installation/plugins), and specific details are documented in
dedicated pages about each plugin.

This section details plugin development including specific pages for
capabilities of different plugins. A custom plugin enables you to add further

> features, such as a connector for another data source, to Trino.

Reviewer: Seems cleaner to phrase as

> A custom plugin enables you to add further features to Trino, such as a connector for another data source.

Author: good point.

## Deploying a custom plugin

Because Trino plugins use the `trino-plugin` packaging type, building a plugin
creates a ZIP file in the `target` directory. The file contains the plugin JAR
and all its dependencies as JAR files, and is suitable for [plugin
installation](plugins-installation).

(spi-compatibility)=
## Compatibility

Successful [download](plugins-download), [installation](plugins-installation),
and use of a plugin depends on compatibility of the plugin with the target Trino

> cluster. Full compatibility is only guaranteed when using the same Trino
> version, and therefore using the same version is recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cluster. Full compatibility is only guaranteed when using the same Trino
version the plugin was built for, and therefore using the same version is recommended.
```

For example, a Trino plugin compiled for Trino 470 may not work with older or
newer versions of Trino such as Trino 430 or Trino 490. This is specifically
important when installing plugins from other projects, vendors, or your custom
development. 

> Trino plugins implement the SPI, which changes with many Trino releases. There

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Trino plugins implement the SPI, which may change with any Trino release. There
```

## Deploying a custom plugin

> Because Trino plugins use the `trino-plugin` packaging type, building a plugin

Author: updated .. also linked provisio

## Deploying a custom plugin

> Because Trino plugins use the `trino-plugin` packaging type, building

Author: Most content is moved to the new page and adjusted
